[DOC-14261] Update Object and Number Functions (#652)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/objectfun.adoc

====

[[fn-obj-length,OBJECT_LENGTH()]]
== OBJECT_LENGTH

Returns the number of name-value pairs in an object.
It only counts the top-level attributes and does not recurse into nested objects.

> This function is similar to xref:n1ql-language-reference/arrayfun.adoc#len[LEN()], but specifically operates on objects.

Reviewer: Actually the point of this comment is to highlight that you can use the LEN() metafunction instead of OBJECT_LENGTH().

(The Array Functions page says that LEN() is an alias of ARRAY_LENGTH(), but this isn't strictly true. LEN() is a separate function that detects the type of the input expression and returns the correct length accordingly.)

```suggestion
The xref:n1ql-language-reference/metafun.adoc#len[LEN()] function is equivalent to OBJECT_LENGTH() when working with objects.
```

]
----

> Compare this example with the <<obj-pairs-ex3, OBJECT_PAIRS() example>>.

Reviewer: OBJECT_PAIRS() has three examples 😄 and they all have [automatic xreftext](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/attributes/id/#customize-automatic-xreftext) already

```suggestion
Compare this example with <<obj-pairs-ex3>>.
```
